Update Migrate Page (#570)
jellyfin/jellyfin-docs: general/administration/migrate.md

---
uid: admin-migrate
title: Migrating
---

# Migrating

> It is possible to migrate your system to another system by using Environmentals. It's possible to do this via the command line or using Docker Environmentals. To read more, see the [Configuration](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/administration/configuration.html) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to migrate your system to another system by using environment variables. It's possible to do this via the command line or by using Docker environment variables. To read more, see the [Configuration](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/administration/configuration.html) page.
```

Not sure if the intentional meaning is `environment variables` or `environments`

[Plex to Jellyfin migration](https://github.com/wilmardo/migrate-plex-to-jellyfin)

## Migrating Linux install to Docker

> To map your local installation's files to the official docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to use the data of a local install in the official docker image by mapping files and folders to the same locations and configuring the image accordingly.
```

> [!Note]
> You need to have exactly matching paths for your files inside the docker container! This means that if your media is stored at `/media/raid/` this path needs to be accessible at `/media/raid/` inside the docker container too - the configurations below do include examples.

> To guarantee proper permissions, get the `uid` and `gid` of your local jellyfin user and jellyfin group by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To guarantee proper permissions, get the `uid` and `gid` of the local user Jellyfin runs as (on a default install this is the `jellyfin` system user). You can do this by running the following command:
```

   ```sh
      id jellyfin
   ```

You  need to replace the `<uid>:<gid>` placeholder below with the correct values.

> [!NOTE]
> To properly map the folders for your install, go to Dashboard > Paths.

### Using docker cli

   ```sh
   docker run -d \
       --user <uid>:<gid> \
       -e JELLYFIN_CACHE_DIR=/var/cache/jellyfin \
       -e JELLYFIN_CONFIG_DIR=/etc/jellyfin \
       -e JELLYFIN_DATA_DIR=/var/lib/jellyfin \
       -e JELLYFIN_LOG_DIR=/var/log/jellyfin \

>        --volume </path/to/media>:</path/to/media> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       --mount type=bind,source=/etc/jellyfin,target=/etc/jellyfin \
       --mount type=bind,source=/var/cache/jellyfin,target=/var/cache/jellyfin \
       --mount type=bind,source=/var/lib/jellyfin,target=/var/lib/jellyfin \
       --mount type=bind,source=/var/log/jellyfin,target=/var/log/jellyfin \
       --mount type=bind,source=</path/to/media>,target=</path/to/media> \
```
